The following games are broken to some extent:

Crystalis:		Mostly working, but the screen jumps around during
			dialogue.  It apparently resets the MMC3 IRQ counter
			mid-scanline.  It'll require low-level PPU and MMC3
			IRQ counter emulation to function properly.

Kickmaster:		IRQ occurs a few CPU cycles too late, interferes with NMI routine,
			and causes the game to lock up after the second boss.  Luckily, there
			are passwords, at least.
			*"FIXED" BY HACK*

Kyoro Chan Land:	Expects a sprite hit to happen, but it has sprite 0 over
			transparent background.

Star Wars(PAL Beam Software version):
			MMC3 IRQ occurs when it shouldn't, similar to the problem in
			Kickmaster.
			*"FIXED" BY HACK*

*** General Features:

 Modify the video blitting/filtering code to run in a separate thread.  This should make
 SMP system owners happy, and it would reduce sound problems due to excessive video
 processing times(such as what occurs in double buffering).  So, after this is implemented,
 we run a loop that writes sound data to the sound device's buffer.  When we run out of data
 to write, and the video thread isn't finished with the last frame, the current frame's data 
 will be thrown away.  Something similar is achieved now by increasing the sound buffer size,
 and seeing how full it is before even trying to process that frame's video data.  Obviously,
 this increases sound latency.
 This new method would probably only work well on systems that have small time slices.
 MS Windows has an API call to achieve that, and Linux 2.6 has small time slices, doesn't it?
 In any case, I don't think SDL in its current state likes multi-threaded access to video.  Bah.

 Remappable command keys(to multiple keys on the keyboard and a joystick).

 Fix possible UNIF crashes(if no PRGx or CHRx chunks exist, it may crash,
 due to changes made in 0.92).

*** Emulation:

 Separate mapper 32 into two separate mappers.  Marat was being silly.

 Figure out what mapper 113 really is.

 Sound frame count stuff on PAL games(is it correct?).
 
 Fix FDS FM sound emulation.

 Fix Zapper emulation(one version of Chiller still doesn't always work correctly).
